Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NETFLIX PRESENTS
DEMİR GROCERY STORE
DUYGU
VOICE MESSAGE
FOUR SOLDIERS WERE MARTYRED
IN THE VICINITY OF YEŞİLLİ VILLAGE.
HOTEL NURCAN
SALİH ÇETİN
INFANTRY CAPTAIN
NEVER CALL THOSE MARTYRED
IN THE CAUSE OF ALLAH "DEAD."
THEY ARE ALIVE. BUT YOU DON'T PERCEIVE IT.
AL-BAQARAH. 154
KÖYCEĞİZ 2017 CALENDAR
MARTYR SUB-LIEUTENANT
KERİM KERİMOĞLU
Thirty-two Turkish Armed Forces soldiers
have been martyred
between July 6. 2021. the date
the shooting of the movie started.
and December 10. 2021.
the date this notice was written.
Dedicated to all our martyrs and veterans…
Subtitle translation by:
Oktar Bumin Aykutlu